[Analytics] httpRequestsByColoGroups to httpRequestsAdaptiveGroups info (#1170)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/analytics/src/content/graphql-api/migration-guides/index.md

# Migration guides

## GraphQL Migrations

> If you're currently using the httpRequestsByColoGroups API, the [httpRequestsByColoGroups to httpRequestsAdaptiveGroups](/migration-guides/graph-ql-analytics) guide will help you migrate your queries to use the httpRequestsAdaptiveGroups API.

Reviewer: A new line is missing after a header

# Migration guides

## GraphQL Migrations

> If you're currently using the httpRequestsByColoGroups API, the [httpRequestsByColoGroups to httpRequestsAdaptiveGroups](/migration-guides/graph-ql-analytics) guide will help you migrate your queries to use the httpRequestsAdaptiveGroups API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're currently using the deprecated GraphQL API nodes:
`httpRequests1mByColoGroups` or `httpRequests1dByColoGroups`, the
[guide](/migration-guides/graph-ql-analytics) will help you migrate your queries
to use the replacing node - `httpRequestsAdaptiveGroups`.
```

Reviewer: Can we also rename the folder from `graph-ql-analytics` to `graphql-api-analytics`?

> If you're currently using the deprecated `httpRequests1mByColoGroups` or `httpRequests1dByColoGroups` GraphQL API nodes, the [HTTP Requests by Colo Groups to HTTP Requests by Adaptive Groups](/migration-guides/graph-ql-analytics) guide will help you migrate your queries to use the `httpRequestsAdaptiveGroups` node.

Reviewer: 80 chars long line

Reviewer: I don't think we use `HTTP Requests by Colo Groups` or `HTTP Requests by Adaptive Groups` anywhere else. This will confuse the reader. Would you mind sharing what's wrong with my previous comment on it?

Author: I wanted to use the same link as what's in the table of contents for human readability - the page itself still uses your original suggestion, so I hope that still centers them in the example we're providing!

> If you're currently using the deprecated `httpRequests1mByColoGroups` or `httpRequests1dByColoGroups` GraphQL API nodes, the [HTTP Requests by Colo Groups to HTTP Requests by Adaptive Groups](/migration-guides/graph-ql-analytics) guide will help you migrate your queries to use the `httpRequestsAdaptiveGroups` node.

Reviewer 2: Broken link

## Zone Analytics Migrations

If you're currently using the [Zone Analytics API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#zone-analytics-properties), the following guide will help you migrate your queries to the new GraphQL Analytics API:

> - [Zone Analytics to GraphQL Analytics](/migration-guides/zone-analytics/)

Reviewer 2: These links to other areas of the docs are also broken
